WORDFORM	FREQUENCY	MORPHOLOGY
wanja-wanja	12	wanja wanja
wanjabu	16	wanja -bu
wanjabuda	1	wanja -bu -da
wanjaku	7	wanja -ku
wanjamun	9	wanja -mun
wanjanguy	1	wanja -nguy
wanjarr	14	wanjarr
wanjarrku	15	wanjarr -ku
wanjarrmal	21	wanjarr -mal
wanjarrmalda	9	wanjarr -mal -da
wanjarrmalkuda	1	wanjarr -mal -ku -da
wanjarrmalmal	1	wanjarr -mal -mal
wanjarrman	4	wanjarr -man
wanjarrmanka	5	wanjarr -man -ka
wanjingka	1	wanji -ngka
wanjinyaku	2	wanji -nyaku
gwanjundumun	3	wanju -ndu -mun
wanjundumundu	1	wanju -ndu -mun -du
wanjungku	25	wanju -ngku
wanjunku	3	wanju -nku
wanjuyimbu	1	wanju -ymbu # typographic error?
wanjuymbu	1	wanju -ymbu
wanya	1	wanya
wanyambaku	3	wanya -mba -ku
wanyanda	1	wanya -nda
wanyandamun	2	wanya -nda -mun
wanyangka	4	wanya -ngka
wanyanka	1	wanya -nka
wanyu	33	wanyu
wanyunku	1	wanyu -nku
wanyurrimbu	4	wanyu -rri -ymbu
wanyurrinju	1	wanyu -rri -ynju
wanyurrinku	82	wanyu -rri -nku
